i want to change the option names

option 1 -> "you feel happy"
	if you clicked on this, it means that youre feeling happy. you should tell me about it ! seeing you happy is one of my favorite things of all time and your smile is just perfect. the picture of you smiling on my wallpaper is my favorite picture of you, you just look so pretty and i cant stop staring at it when it comes up. think of what made you happy and why you feel this way. rememeber it well. so you can remind yourself of this feeling when hard times come. remember its way esaier for negative mements to impact you than positive moments. so cherish this feeling, it won't come by often.  i want your journals to be 50/50. half negative and half positive. you see a rock that looks cute, a pretty tree or flower, nice, fluffy looking clouds. journal it!
option 2 -> "you need reassurance"
	if you clicked on this, it means that you need reassurance. it also means that im failing as your boyfriend. in that case you can just confront me about it. if you dont want to do that you come back to this recording.  remember that "hating your girlfriend" thread that went viral on twitter? i think that is  so dumb like you have to be a narcissist to think that way. i promise that i will never think like that. i will always be here for you and i will always wait for you. my patience for you is like the grand canyon and my love for you will always grow. ill always be excited to see your text and you in person everyday. my favorite moments with you would be just watching movies or shows with you while cuddling. something about cuddling in silence without talking makes me feel very nice.  of course i love you talking too, i love it when youre really passionate about a topic and talk about it in detail. even though i dont contribute back to the conversation as much its just because idk how to talk. you doing most of the talking takes a lot of weight of my shoulders. i will always want to warm u up, i dont care if your hands are too cold just press them against my chest or something.  what you should take from this is that ill never get tired of you no matter what and i love you unconditionally, always.
option 3 -> "you feel lonely"
	if you clicked on this, it means that you are feeling lonely and miss me. i miss you u too baby, and that is okay. spending time apart is equally as important as spending time together. the feeling of missing each other is a good thing, it makes seeing that person the next time you see them that so much better. i love looking forward to seeing you. if you are frothing at the mouth because u miss me too much you can refer to this entire device that i made for you.
option 4 -> "you cant sleep"
	if you clicked on this, it means its late at night and you cannot sleep.  i dont think you had any trouble sleeping lately but i will record this just in case anyways. what do you usually do before you fall asleep? like do you browse twitter or watch youtubee. for me i put on a youtube video that someone just talking, like a documentary, vsauce, or nilered and i ujst fall asleep to them, its like white noise.  now im conditioned to it and i cant sleep without youtube anymore, it just feels like somethings missing. if you get frustrated after not falling asleep in the bed for more than an hour, you should get out of bed and do something else for like 20 minutes. go downstairs, sit on couch to read a book or play on your phone and come back to bed. the point is to tell your body that the bed is a place for sleeping not a place to stay awake. while youre downstairs you can drink some water too, maybe warm water to warm up your body.  good night!
option 5 -> "you feel overwhelmed"
	if you clicked on this, it means that you feel overwhelmed. whether it may be because you have too much homework or because of your emotions. im sure you already have your own ways of dealing with this so i just want you to know that youre not alone in this and you will always have my support. just take a step back and take deep, slow breaths. tell yourself that everything will be okay and lay out your problems one at a time. address and priotize each problem in order, with the easiest to get out of the way first.  and just knock them out one by one.  you can take your time and be patient with yourself. rememeber i am also a resource you can use when you need support.
option 6 -> "you want to hear me sing"
	option 6a -> "well done again my friend"
	option 6b -> "cant take my eyes off you"
	option 6c -> "tonight"
option 7 -> "you feel sick"
	if you clicked on this, it means that you feel sick. most likely because you contracted it from me. if that is the case then my bad. my number one advice is to drink water, your body really needs it right now and you are losing a lot of fluids. preferably warm water. drink some theraflu and vitamin c if you havent already. make sure you sleep early, wear warm clothingm dont do anything too mentally straining today.  apply some tiger balm on the inside of your elbows, knee, and foot. for me, if my nose is stuffed, usually fresh air could help clear it up a little bit, but only if im wearing warm clothing or else itd just have the opposite effect.  get well soon for me okay?
option 8 -> "you feel upset"
	if you clicked this, it means that you are upset. its okay, take some time to yourself to process your emotions. write down your thoughts to organize and clear your mind. you dont have to tell me about it right away, you can just say that you are upset at the moment so i can give you some space. ill will always be right here to listen whenever you are ready.
option 9 -> "something i said hurt you"
	if you clicked on this, it means that i said something that hurt you. if youre listening to this, i have again failed as your boyfriend, im sorry for anything i said that hurt you, please know that i never mean anything i say to hurt you. i just need to word things better. im also trying to rememeber things so you dont have to repeat things to me. you can take your time to process how i made you feel and let me know afterwards so i can improve on myself.
option 10 -> "you think you were mean to me"
	if you clicked on this, it means that you think were mean to me. first of all i appreciate that you acknowledge that some things you said to me in the past did hurt me a little, some more than others. but its okay, i understand, i know that its not something you would say to me normally and i should not take it to heart. again, it is still hard for me to confront you about things that hurt me because most of the time i would think that i deserve it and if i flip it and say youre mean to me then it would just mean that im dismissing your feelings with mine. idk thats just how my brain works. and other times its just little things that i dont wanna point out because i dont wanna ruin the mood. so if you think you hurt me and you are listening to this recording because it that, ill be okay, because i love you unconditionally.
